#82 transaction dev-25 added (#115)
IHE/sdpi-fhir: SDPi_Supplement/asciidoc/volume2/dev-25/tf2-dev-25.adoc

> [#vol2-clause-dev-25]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#vol2_clause_dev_25]

```

=== Discover BICEPS Services [DEV-25]

==== Scope
[sdpi_transaction#transaction-dev-25,actors='actor-somds-provider actor-somds-consumer',figure=vol2-figure-dev-25-sequence,messages='message-discover-biceps-services']

This transaction is used to exchange the resources metadata between a <<actor_somds_provider>> and a <<actor-somds-consumer>>.

==== Actor Roles

.Actor Roles DEV-25
[cols="1,2"]
|===
|Actor |Roles

|<<actor-somds-consumer>>
| Asks for the resource representation of the <<actor_somds_provider>> via the <<message-discover-biceps-services>> messages.

|<<actor_somds_provider>>
| Sends its resource representation to the <<actor-somds-consumer>> via the <<message-response-discover-biceps-services>> messages.

|===

==== Referenced Standards

* <<ieee-11073-10207-2017>> Section 9 Discovery Model

==== Messages
.Message Interaction Diagram DEV-25

> [plantuml#vol2-figure-dev-25-sequence, target=puml-dev-25-sequence, format=svg, reftext='{figure-caption} {counter:refnum}',width=100%]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[plantuml#vol2_figure_dev_25_sequence, target=puml-dev-25-sequence, format=svg, reftext='{figure-caption} {counter:refnum}',width=100%]

```

....
include::../../plantuml/vol2-figure-dev-25-sequence.puml[]
....

> [#message-discover-biceps-services]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata]
===== GetMetadata Message
```

===== TransferGet

> The TransferGet message is used for a <<actor-somds-consumer>> to ask for the resource representation data for a <<actor_somds_provider>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GetMetadata message is used by a <<actor-somds-consumer>> to request the resource representation data of a <<actor_somds_provider>>.
```

> The TransferGet message is used for a <<actor-somds-consumer>> to ask for the resource representation data for a <<actor_somds_provider>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GetMetadata message is used for a <<actor-somds-consumer>> to ask for the resource representation data of a <<actor_somds_provider>>.

```

====== Trigger Events

> This message is sent if a <<actor-somds-consumer>> has an endpoint reference and transport address for a <<actor_somds_provider>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This message is sent when a <<actor-somds-consumer>> has discovered a <<property_transport_address>> for a <<actor_somds_provider>>.
```

You should merge current master into your branch and watch out for `SDPi_Supplement\asciidoc\volume0\tf0-ch-d-glossary.adoc`. There you can append <<property_transport_address>>, which I will then also use in DEV-23 and DEV-24.

Proposed description:

```asciidoc
[[property_transport_address]] Transport Address: A physical endpoint address that can be used to communicate with a <<actor_somds_provider>>.
```

====== Expected Actions
When a <<actor-somds-consumer>> sends this message, the TransferGetResponse message is expected as a response.

> [#message-response-discover-biceps-services]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata_response]
===== GetMetadataResponse Message
```

===== TransferGetResponse

> The TransferGetResponse message is the response of the TransferGet message which includes the ThisDevice metadata for a <<actor_somds_provider>>. A <<actor_somds_provider>> MAY also provide other means for a <<actor-somds-consumer>> to retrieve its ThisDevice metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GetMetadataResponse message is sent in response to an incoming <<vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata, GetMetadata>> message.
```

I think the second sentence can be omitted here.

> The TransferGetResponse message is the response of the TransferGet message which includes the ThisDevice metadata for a <<actor_somds_provider>>. A <<actor_somds_provider>> MAY also provide other means for a <<actor-somds-consumer>> to retrieve its ThisDevice metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GetMetadataResponse message is the response of the GetMetadata message which includes the ThisDevice metadata for a <<actor_somds_provider>>.
```

I think we can spare the _may_ adjunct here.

====== Trigger Events

> This message is sent when a <<actor-somds-consumer>> requests the transfer of the resource representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GetMetadataResponse message is sent whenever a <<actor_somds_provider>> receives a <<vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata, GetMetadata>> message.
```

====== Message Semantics
BICEPS Services:: Collection of BICEPS services this provider offers.

> [#message-semantics-discover-biceps-services-device]

Reviewer: Oopsi, this dangling block can be removed, or moved to ====== Message Semantics:

```asciidoc
[#vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata_response_semantics]
====== Message Semantics
```

Reviewer: I just realized that your intention was to qualify the following definition. You can achieve that by adding:

```asciidoc
[[payload_dev_25_get_metadata_biceps_services]]BICEPS Services::
```

[#vol2_clause_dev_25]

=== Discover BICEPS Services [DEV-25]

==== Scope
[sdpi_transaction#transaction-dev-25,actors='actor-somds-provider actor-somds-consumer',figure=vol2-figure-dev-25-sequence,messages='message-discover-biceps-services']

This transaction is used to exchange the resources metadata between a <<actor_somds_provider>> and a <<actor_somds_consumer>>.

==== Actor Roles

.Actor Roles DEV-25
[cols="1,2"]
|===
|Actor |Roles

|<<actor_somds_consumer>>

> | Asks for the resource representation of the <<actor_somds_provider>> via the <<vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata>> messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Asks for the resource representation of the <<actor_somds_provider>> via the <<vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata, GetMetadata>> messages.
```

> | Asks for the resource representation of the <<actor_somds_provider>> via the <<vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata, GetMetadata>> messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Asks for the resource representation of the <<actor_somds_provider>> via the <<vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata, GetMetadata>> message.
```

|<<actor_somds_provider>>

> | Sends its resource representation to the <<actor_somds_consumer>> via the <<vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata_response>> messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sends its resource representation to the <<actor_somds_consumer>> via the <<vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata_response, GetMetadataResponse>> messages.
```

> | Sends its resource representation to the <<actor_somds_consumer>> via the <<vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata_response, GetMetadataResponse>> messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sends its resource representation to the <<actor_somds_consumer>> via the <<vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata_response, GetMetadataResponse>> message.
```

|===

==== Referenced Standards

> * <<ieee-11073-10207-2017>> Section 9 Discovery Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<ieee_11073_10207_2017>> Section 9 Discovery Model
```

==== Messages
.Message Interaction Diagram DEV-25
[plantuml#vol2_figure_dev_25_sequence, target=puml-dev-25-sequence, format=svg, reftext='{figure-caption} {counter:refnum}',width=100%]

....
include::../../plantuml/vol2-figure-dev-25-sequence.puml[]
....

[#vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata]
===== GetMetadata Message
The GetMetadata message is used by a <<actor_somds_consumer>> to request the resource representation data of a <<actor_somds_provider>>.

====== Trigger Events

> This message is sent when a <<actor_somds_consumer>> has discovered a <<property_transport_address>> for a <<actor_somds_provider>>.

Reviewer: Please double check existence of `property_transport_address`. It does not appear in the generated HTML output. Take a look at `asciidoc/volume0/tf0-ch-d-glossary.adoc` and append the term if missing. Also please check other transactions for the occurrence of `physical address`, which if I recall correctly is the term I used - it should be linked accordingly then (DEV-23 and DEV-24).

[#vol2_clause_dev_25]

=== Discover BICEPS Services [DEV-25]

==== Scope
[sdpi_transaction#transaction-dev-25,actors='actor-somds-provider actor-somds-consumer',figure=vol2-figure-dev-25-sequence,messages='message-discover-biceps-services']

This transaction is used to exchange the resources metadata between a <<actor_somds_provider>> and a <<actor-somds-consumer>>.

==== Actor Roles

.Actor Roles DEV-25
[cols="1,2"]
|===
|Actor |Roles

> |<<actor-somds-consumer>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<<actor_somds_consumer>>
```

===== GetMetadata Message
The TransferGet message is used for a <<actor-somds-consumer>> to ask for the resource representation data for a <<actor_somds_provider>>.

====== Trigger Events
This message is sent if a <<actor-somds-consumer>> has an endpoint reference and transport address for a <<actor_somds_provider>>.

====== Expected Actions
When a <<actor-somds-consumer>> sends this message, the TransferGetResponse message is expected as a response.

[#vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata_response]
===== GetMetadataResponse Message
The GetMetadataResponse message is the response of the GetMetadata message which includes the ThisDevice metadata for a <<actor_somds_provider>>.

====== Trigger Events
This message is sent when a <<actor-somds-consumer>> requests the transfer of the resource representation.

====== Message Semantics
[[payload_dev_25_get_metadata_biceps_services]]BICEPS Services:: Collection of BICEPS services the <<actor_somds_provider>> offers.
[#message-semantics-discover-biceps-services-device]
Device Metadata:: Expresses <<actor_somds_provider>> characteristics that typically vary from one <<actor_somds_provider>> to another of the same kind, e.g.:

> * FriendlaName

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Friendly Name
```

====== Expected Actions
When a <<actor-somds-consumer>> sends this message, the TransferGetResponse message is expected as a response.

[#vol2_clause_dev_25_message_get_metadata_response]
===== GetMetadataResponse Message
The TransferGetResponse message is the response of the TransferGet message which includes the ThisDevice metadata for a <<actor_somds_provider>>. A <<actor_somds_provider>> MAY also provide other means for a <<actor-somds-consumer>> to retrieve its ThisDevice metadata.

====== Trigger Events
This message is sent when a <<actor-somds-consumer>> requests the transfer of the resource representation.

====== Message Semantics

> [[payload_dev_25_get_metadata_biceps_services]]BICEPS Services:: Collection of BICEPS services this provider offers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[payload_dev_25_get_metadata_biceps_services]]BICEPS Services:: Collection of BICEPS services the <<actor_somds_provider>> offers.
```
